The researcher, Mr. Chian, we will back willing by multiats the time of global government.. Ladies and gentlemen, Gentles, welcome Mr. Tgan drug Intelligence threaten researcher of Cco Talus to do the his speech title. can. building a multi att a global government and people.. I believe every month after the North today. So this talk is about new relationship with you actor that we discovered and people on them as the issue and that is based on the type of payloads that they were using were also of those names and we. So before we start a short werove, that I work as a threat researcher at Cisco Dallos and are based in Singapore. And my research workers is I would like to work underp based in where most of the time. So in today's talk, we want to see who is this service.y chef. And I would take you all through of intrusions that they have conducted and analysis through the chains that they work. done and then we'll look into the payloads that they used in those intrusions. and then also we see a bit of information about the C communication patterns that they have used while complicating to the C2, and then we see about the assertion that. what are the overlaps that we are seeing with the other threat actors and the sneakish based on the TDB that they're using? So to start going through is Sninky Chef. So Sneaky Chef is actually an advanced assistant actor, but we are not sure whether they are stay sponsored or not, and they are Asian actors who are active since 2023, with the intention ofage and data or motives, they have contacted multiple intrusions and campaigns during this time targeting government entities and private sectors in India India and Asia. And some of the notable Dies that we have observed while analyzes those are types and ext.osions where they're mainly leveraged on spearfishing campics as an efficial vector, and then they have also employed DL sideid loading techniques, which means like use using the TLM to sid load the Malaysia DLL during the attacking and they use customs C to protocols and also are using small estimate applications that you can see that how they have employed or instrumented those techniques that are back in the coming spes. And then the Malve and Toolingi their personnel, mainly they used two beesp malvers. One is a sugar post that be named and another one be named it as a smice rand, which is a modular rand and it has. Now let's take you at the campaign or the English that the ste has done done. So these actors, as I said, they started or likely they started already since August 2023. And they conducted multiple intrusies with multi-stage attack chains, where they attack chains and the techniques that they've used arelex and they have many stages in their attack kill chain. and mainly they were after victims of intellectual information or the credentials and there were espionage posters. And we have seen through small dangers that have mainly targeted the ministry of Foreign Office and their embassies in Genia and Asia. And some of the potential big things that we observed, which we highlighted here that includes the ministry of Foreign Offffairs of Life.istan and even India and some of the foreign ministries in Angola. So these were a few of the targets, or I would say, potential targets that we saw and we assess these potential targets based on the ecoid documents that we observed in the intrusions or in the initial fishing or the spearfishing samples that we saw, these are some of the Nemoy documents that we saw and a couple of them, we saw them available on the internet, but some of them are not available on the internet, which means they are a kind of scant copy of the official documents. But at this stage have people, during the time of research, we were not clear that how the pactor worked hold of these documents and made. And based on the our assessment potentially, it could be it would be a result of a previous dab page institents would have happened quite due to the limited vility of those emails that we had during the time of research. We could not reduce that how they gave one of these songs.. So now you know the type of campaigns that they do and the targets that they had in their place and some of the decoit documents. Now it's taken a closer look at the incrusions that take back at. And here, in this talk, I would like to share finally different type of intrusions or the attack cycles that we observed that the sneaky ship conduct them in some of them, they deployed sugar coast right and as a final payload, adding a few, they dropped spice right as a final payoff. So with the first intrusion to talk with, they used LNK or the w shortcut final as. I mean, after the fishing email with the ad of the user tried to fl the masqueraded LNK pile. So that had an embedded Jawava sl with the help of C they executed dose Java. So then at the next stage, this JavaScript dropped four different files in the same's machine, one of which is the demoid document and another one bad loader, and then another TLL called Mocks TLL that we observed, and then an encrypted wife with an name called Dplay org. So after dropping all these, the Javacripts start to execute the bad file and then the bad file. So the bad file and the Batfile executed started this DNL, which loaded the encrypted by Bpt the and thenlectively enjected the derypted por, which is the sugar was drag into the rankety of the studative process, which connected to the the system. So this gives a first intuusion that we observed, which was not that much complex or nothing special that we found in this intuusion. Although there were there is a sideboarding comp test. So in the second sugar postst infection attacked cycle, it was almost the same. So instead of LK 5 here, they used SFXRs as a inicial vector and that had a Vle then again, we continued life, loaded the DNL, which again loaded the encryptedos Rand and Dip it and injected, and ran the victimation that to the scene and started its operation. This is the second infection cycle that we have. So the third infection cycle is somewhat which is which we found it interesting, which because the technique that they have used is not very often seen by many protecters using this. So what it means is you after the first stage, the leng file that runs the Javacripts, it drops the components into the victim's machine depth directory. And these comp components similar to the first infection cycle, one of which is a deco document, and then another leg DLL pile. And then the encrypted. So here, the requesting part is the leglimate DLL file is called dynamicographer, it's called DL. So what is this dynamicerence. DLL? Initially we thought that it would be another estimate, LL which is just a side roading that they doing another Malaysious component similar to the first attack cycle. But it turned out to be dynamic rapper X DLL is actually an activ X counonent, which, using which a BB script for another Java script can for the Windows ABI functions, which means here the dynamic program for XPLS and it is loaded into the memory, it will provide the ABI spot the scripts to execute from this dynamic proper exteri. So that's what the actor and actor did it here. So from the So what after dropping this, using that seru, they run this dynamicic wrapper and start near so that it got loaded into the victim machine memory. And after that, the Java still had an infinite basics 64 ened component, which is actually an shell core. So that it decoded and this shellboard was executed with the help of ABIs that this dynamicamic Crx.DLL provided. So the Java was configured in such a way that using the AIs that dynamic Prx provided, it executed the shel of. So after executing the shell board, the shell board loaded the enc at the file that we saw the D lay out the way behind here in this third intrusion, the name was L EAY2.., which is actually an imp component of sugar for rat. And this shelberg actually decrypted that and then eject it into the victim's mission process and then finally started communicating with theation. So here, the the concept of using an estimate DN, which is dynamic pro X and you threw the Java stream, you call it the ADI stri. the shell board. This technique we found one of the techniques we found an interesting, which is not many often seen by many other threatactors in the third landscape. So this is the word